1. I would like to go towards a established theme token to the theme if that's possible that we can start here and then slowly merge all the other places in the application as we go through and make changes that seems like a viable move so in a perfect world, there is no hard coated values cause that's just bad practice in my opinion so yeah, go ahead and start that and will establish that working here and then slowly kind of copy and mimic that elsewhere later on.

2. I like how some of the animations look with the login demo set up system set up stage like I like things kind of flowing in you know, or even the logging page itself like the components individually kind of coming in but all in unison and things just flowing and feeling regal but fast smooth but appropriately fast is what I'm looking for.

3. The demo system is format is the correct one where it's not a flat number. It's the kind of shortened version of the number right so 17,500,000 would be 17.5M for instance I think that's how we do it in the demo set up so it should be matched here as well.

4. I mean, even if they're busy existing companies that's irrelevant I'm worried about changing the functionality now and then later on it'll we'll fix it

5. Yeah, she required both name and email but they're not required to enter anything. It's if they do enter in one of those things then both need to be filled out before continuing on right so it's they could continue onto the next button if nothing's entered, but if one of them entered, then obviously they need to then continue on that buttons and disabled for the time being until they fulfill and then the validation kicks in, but if they were to then remove it and it's back to this like you know, not not required cause there's no data either then you know that's that's the logic there

6. I think from my understanding the users are defined for invitation and shown within the review, but that all that logic and functionality of like setting these values in find the users none of that stuff actually happens until the motors closed or while it's closing, so ideally that it would be just a success toast

7. Whatever works best here I mean, I I recognize that it's better practice to split things so they're not so large. I think there's other places within the application that actually also have issues with like super large files which again is not best case scenario my my hesitation is just I don't want you to like break things and all of a sudden they don't work. You know if you can do it in such a way that logically it's gonna be the same thing then that's fine but you need to be very measured if it's such that we're going to completely restructure things right you need to be very measured in your approach. Checking as you go through.

8. I don't really have a preference in terms of how things are done. I just want it so that when the user gets to that on boarding model the images show up I don't I don't care how that works, sir as long as it's best practice and it's not sloppy or or or you know overbearing on the application or redundant like I just want things to work. I want the user to go to the model and then the image is there if there's existing functionality in terms of preloading or you know. Lazy loading figure out whatever works best to make sure that it's smooth and functional as intended for the UX

9. I'll leave this logic up to you in terms of the ordering. I'm not too worried about the which should go first because at the end of the day since you'll be doing the code editing whatever will work best for you if it's such that restructuring everything and you wanna go through with that and that's the best thing to do then fine if it's such that getting all the components individually to work or the images first, I'm not really sure use all the operation. I provided you the list of the steps and investigation that we needed you know fix and you can you can decipher for us to what would be the best case best practice in industry standard way of going about this in such a way that will yield the best results for us that note that things won't be broken or conflicting in terms of how we went about ordering fixing things.

10. You should figure this out that's a good question to figure out yourself. By checking the database and checking the code.