SOC 2 Type II Report
Independent Service Auditor’s Report on a Description of Cyient’s Engineering Design
& Spatial Data Services Relevant to Security, Confidentiality, Availability and the
Suitability of the Design and Operating Effectiveness of Controls
November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021
Table of Contents
Section I: Independent Service Auditor’s Report ....................................................................................................... 3
Section II: Management Assertion.................................................................................................................................... 7
Section III: Description of Cyient’s Engineering Design & Spatial Data Services ......................................... 10
Description of CYIENT – Engineering Design & Spatial Data Services for the period November 01, 2020
to October 31, 2021 ............................................................................................................................................................ 11
Background and Overview of Cyient........................................................................................................................ 11
Subservice Organizations ............................................................................................................................................ 11
Boundaries of the System ............................................................................................................................................ 11
Description of Control Environment, Control Activities, Risk Assessment, Monitoring and
Information and Communication.............................................................................................................................. 12
Control Environment ..................................................................................................................................................... 12
Risk Management and Risk Assessment ................................................................................................................ 13
Information and Communication.............................................................................................................................. 13
Monitoring ......................................................................................................................................................................... 14
Components of the System........................................................................................................................................... 14
Infrastructure ................................................................................................................................................................... 14
Monitoring ......................................................................................................................................................................... 17
Applicable Trust Services Criteria and related Controls .................................................................................. 28
User- Entity Control Considerations ........................................................................................................................ 28
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls ........................................................................................... 29
Section: IV: Independent Service Auditor’s description of Tests of Controls and Results ...................... 30
Independent Service Auditor’s description of Tests of Controls and Results .......................................... 31
Overview ............................................................................................................................................................................ 31
Evaluating the fairness of presentation of the description: ............................................................................ 31
Test of operating effectiveness of controls: .......................................................................................................... 32
Description of Tests Performed ................................................................................................................................ 32
Section V – Other Information Provided by the Management of Cyient .......................................................... 68
2
Section I: Independent Service Auditor’s Report
3
Independent Service Auditor’s Report
The Board of Directors
Cyient Limited
Plot No. 11, Software Units Layout,
Infocity, Madhapur,
Hyderabad – 500 081
Telangana, India
Scope
We have examined Cyient Limited’s (Cyient) accompanying description of its services titled " Description of
Engineering Design & Spatial Data Services " throughout the period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021,
(description) based on the criteria for a description of a service organization’s system in DC section 200, 2018
Description Criteria for a Description of a Service Organization’s System in a SOC 2® Report (AICPA,
Description Criteria), (description criteria) and the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of
controls stated in the description throughout the period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021, to provide
reasonable assurance that Cyient’s service commitments and system requirements were achieved based on the
trust services criteria relevant to Security, Confidentiality and Availability (applicable trust services criteria)
set forth in TSP section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity,
Confidentiality, and Privacy (AICPA, Trust Services Criteria).
Cyient uses subservice organizations for Managed Security Operations Centre and helpdesk ticketing services.
The description indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably designed and
operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Cyient, to achieve Cyient’s service commitments and
system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The description presents Cyient’s controls,
the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of complementary subservice organization controls
assumed in the design of Cyient’s controls. The description does not disclose the actual controls at the
subservice organization.
The description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and operating
effectively are necessary, along with controls at Cyient, to achieve Cyient ’s service commitments and system
requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The description presents Cyient’s controls, the
applicable trust services criteria, and the complementary user entity controls assumed in the design of Cyient’s
controls. Our examination did not include such complementary user entity controls and we have not evaluated
the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of such controls.

4
The information included in section 5, "Other Information Provided by Cyient," is presented by management of
Cyient to provide additional information and is not a part of Cyient’s description of its Engineering Design &
Spatial Data Services made available to user entities during the period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021.
Information about Cyient management’s response to exceptions identified has not been subjected to the
procedures applied in the examination of the description and of the suitability of the design and operating
effectiveness of controls to achieve Cyient's service commitments and system requirements based on the
applicable trust services criteria, and accordingly, we express no opinion on it.
Service organization’s responsibilities
In section II, Cyient has provided the assertion titled “Assertion of the Management of Cyient Limited,”
(assertion) about the fairness of the presentation of the description based on the description criteria and
suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of the controls described therein to meet the applicable
trust services criteria. Cyient is responsible for preparing the description and the assertion, including the
completeness, accuracy, and method of presentation of the description and assertion; providing the services
covered by the description; identifying the risks that would prevent the applicable trust services criteria from
being met; designing, implementing, and documenting the controls to meet the applicable trust services
criteria; and specifying the controls that meet the applicable trust services criteria and stating them in the
description.
Service auditor’s responsibilities
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the fairness of the presentation of the description based on the
description criteria and on the suitability of the design and operating effectiveness of the controls described
therein to meet the applicable trust services criteria, based on our examination. Our examination was
conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and accordingly, included procedures that we considered necessary in the circumstances.
Those standards require that we plan and perform our examination to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether, in all material respects, the description is fairly presented based on description criteria and the
controls are suitably designed and operating effectively to meet the applicable trust services criteria
throughout the period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021.
An examination of the description of a service organization’s system and the suitability of the design and
operating effectiveness of the controls involves
•
•
•
•
Evaluating and performing procedures to obtain evidence about whether the description is fairly
presented based on the description criteria and the controls were suitably designed and operating
effectively, to meet the applicable trust services criteria throughout the period November 01, 2020 to
October 31, 2021.
Assessing the risks that the description is not fairly presented and that the controls were not suitably
designed or operating effectively.
Testing the operating effectiveness of those controls to provide reasonable assurance that the
applicable trust services criteria were met.
Evaluating the overall presentation of the description.

We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.
Inherent Limitations
Because of their nature, controls at a service organization may not prevent or detect and correct, all errors or
omissions in providing services. Also, the projection to the future of any evaluation of the fairness of the
5
presentation of the description or conclusions about the suitability of the design or operating effectiveness of
the controls is subject to risks that the system may change or that controls at a service organization may become
ineffective or fail.
Opinion
In our opinion, in all material respects, based on the description and the applicable trust services criteria:
a.
b.

c.

The description fairly presents the system that was designed and implemented throughout the period
November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021.
The controls stated in the description were suitably designed to provide reasonable assurance that the
applicable trust services criteria would be met if the controls operated effectively throughout the
period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021.
The controls operated effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the applicable trust services
criteria were met throughout the period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021.

Description of tests of controls
The specific controls we tested, the tests performed and the results of our tests are presented in section 4,
“Independent Service Auditor’s tests of controls and results of tests”.
Restricted use
This report, including the description of tests of controls and results thereof in section IV are intended solely
for the information and use of Cyient ; user entities of Cyient ’s Engineering Design, Spatial Data & Software
Services for the period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021; and prospective user entities, independent
auditors, practitioners providing services to such user entities and regulators who have sufficient knowledge
and understanding of the following:
•
•
•
•
•
The nature of the services provided by the service organization
How the service organization’s system interacts with user entities or other parties
Internal control and its limitations
The applicable trust services criteria
The risks that may threaten the achievement of the applicable trust services criteria and how controls
address those risks
This report is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than these specified parties.
For M.Kuppuswamy PSG & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Panaiyur.S.Gopalakrishnan
Date: February 10, 2022
Place: Chennai, India
CPA, CITP, CISA, CISSP, FCA, CEH, QSA
CPA License No. 22897
ICAI M.No. 021409
UDIN: 22021409ABEVZD8980
6
Section II: Management Assertion
7
Assertion by Management of Cyient Limited
We have prepared the accompanying description of Cyient Limited’s (Cyient) accompanying description of
services titled "Description of Cyient’s Engineering Design & Spatial Data Services " throughout the period
November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021, (description) based on the criteria for a description of a service
organization’s system in DC section 200, 2018 Description Criteria for a Description of a Service
Organization’s System in a SOC 2® Report (AICPA, Description Criteria) (description criteria). The
description is intended to provide report users with information about the Engineering Design & Spatial
Data Services that may be useful when assessing the risks arising from interactions with Cyient’s system,
particularly information about system controls that Cyient has designed, implemented, and operated to
provide reasonable assurance that its service commitments and system requirements were achieved based
on the trust services criteria relevant to Security, Confidentiality and Availability (applicable trust services
criteria) set forth in TSP section 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing
Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy, (AICPA, Trust Services Criteria).
Cyient uses subservice organizations for Managed Security Operations Centre and helpdesk ticketing
services. The description indicates that complementary subservice organization controls that are suitably
designed and operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Cyient, to achieve Cyient’s service
commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The description
presents Cyient’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the types of complementary subservice
organization controls assumed in the design of Cyient’s controls. The description does not disclose the
actual controls at the subservice organization.
The description indicates that complementary user entity controls that are suitably designed and
operating effectively are necessary, along with controls at Cyient, to achieve Cyient’s service
commitments and system requirements based on the applicable trust services criteria. The
description presents Cyient’s controls, the applicable trust services criteria, and the complementary
user entity controls assumed in the design of Cyient’s controls.
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that
a.

the description presents Cyient’s Engineering Design & Spatial Data Services that was
designed and implemented throughout the period November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021, in
accordance with the description criteria.

b.

the controls stated in the description were suitably designed throughout the period November
01, 2020 to October 31, 2021, to provide reasonable assurance that Cyient’s service
commitments and system requirements would be achieved based on the applicable trust
services criteria, if its controls operated effectively throughout that period, and if the user
entities applied the complementary controls assumed in the design of Cyient’s controls
throughout that period.

c.

the controls stated in the description operated effectively throughout the period November
01, 2020 to October 31, 2021, to provide reasonable assurance that Cyient’s service
commitments and system requirements were achieved based on the applicable trust services
criteria, if complementary user entity controls assumed in the design of Cyient’s controls
operated effectively throughout that period.

For Cyient Limited
Vijaya Kumar Adusumilli
Authorised Signatory
February 08, 2022
Section III: Description of Cyient’s Engineering Design & Spatial
Data Services
10
Description of CYIENT – Engineering Design & Spatial Data Services for the period
November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021
Background and Overview of Cyient
Cyient Limited (Formerly Infotech Enterprises Limited) established in 1991 in Hyderabad India, is a leading
Engineering services company, spread globally across 48 locations with 30 global delivery centers. Cyient
became a publicly traded organization in March 1997, with the company’s equity shares listed in India, on the
National Stock Exchange (NSE: CYIENT) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE:532175)
Cyient aligns with industry best practices and internationally renowned standards and frameworks like Quality
management system ISO 9001:2015, Information Security Management System 27001:2013, Aerospace
(AS9100 Rev D), Medical Devices (ISO 13485:2016), IRIS (ISO/TS 22163:2017), Environmental Management
System ISO 14001:2015, Occupational Health and Safety Management system OHSAS 18001 and CMMI Dev
1.3, Telecommunication system TL9000 R6.0 and information technology service management system ISO
20000.
The services ‘Engineering Design & Spatial Data Services- Including Modelling, Analysis, Design, Product
Development, Implementation, Conversion, Manufacturing Support and Maintenance’ are carried out by the
organization at the entity that is in scope
The Data center services that is within the scope of this examination are carried out at the other site of
Cyient’s where this primary Data Center situated 10 km far from the entity that is in scope.

Subservice Organizations
Cyient utilizes the following subservice providers for various functional activities and are not included within
the scope of this examination.
Service Now – SAAS based application for end user requests handling through ticketing system
Tata Communications Limited (TCL)- Managed Security Operations Centre
Boundaries of the System
The specific geographic location and services included in the scope of this report includes the following:
Location-1: Plot No 11, Software Units layout, infocity, Madhapur, Hyderabad, India
Location- 2: Plot No-2, IT Park, ISB Road, Nanakramguda, Near Continental Hospital, Gachibowli, Hyderabad,
Telangana 500032 limited to Data Center Operations
Any office location other than the above is not included in the scope of the current examination. The report
excludes all processes and activities that are executed outside above locations.
Cyient has its offices/subsidiaries in other 45 geographical locations. These are not included in the scope of
the report. Unless otherwise mentioned, the description and related controls apply to locations covered by
the report.

Principal Service Commitments and System Requirements:
11
Cyient designs its processes and procedures related to the System to meet its objectives. Those objectives are
based on the service commitments that Cyient makes to user entities, the laws and regulations that govern
the provision of products and services to its clients, and the financial, operational, and compliance
requirements that Cyient has established for the services. Security commitments to user entities are
documented and communicated in customer agreements, as well as in the description of the service offering
provided online.
Cyient establishes operational requirements that support the achievement of security commitments,
relevant laws and regulations, and other system requirements. Such requirements are communicated in
Cyient's system policies and procedures, system design documentation, and contracts with customers.
Information security policies define an organization-wide approach to how systems and data are protected.
These include policies around how the service is designed and developed, how the system is operated, how
the internal business systems and networks are managed and how employees are hired and trained. In
addition to these policies, standard operating procedures have been documented on how to carry out specific
manual and automated processes required in the operation and development of the System.

Description of Control Environment, Control Activities, Risk Assessment, Monitoring
and Information and Communication
Control Environment
Cyient’s internal control environment reflects the overall attitude, awareness, and actions of management
concerning the importance of controls, and the emphasis given to controls in the Company's policies,
procedures, guidelines, methods, and organizational structure.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Senior Management team and all employees are committed to
establishing and operating an effective Information Security Management System (ISMS) aligned to ISO/IEC
27001:2013 in accordance with its strategic business objectives.
The Management at Cyient is committed to the Information Security Management System, and ensures that
IT policies are communicated, understood, implemented and maintained at all levels of the organization and
regularly reviewed for continual suitability.

Integrity and Ethical Values
Cyient requires Directors, Senior Management, Officers, and all employees to observe high standards of
business and personal ethics in conducting their duties and responsibilities. Cyient promotes Values FIRST
(Fairness, Integrity, Respect, Sincerity and Transparency) as its core ethical values of the company and all
employees are expected to fulfill their responsibilities based on these principles and comply with all
applicable laws and regulations. Cyient promotes an environment of open, transparent communication and
has created an environment where employees are protected from any kind of retaliation should a good faith
report of an ethics violation occur. Executive management has the exclusive responsibility to investigate all
reported violations and to take corrective action when warranted.

Board of Directors
Business activities at Cyient are under the direction of the Board of Directors. The company is governed by
its Board of Directors headed by its Founder & Chairman Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy and ‘Krishna Bodanapu’
12
being the Managing Director & CEO, is in charge of the company’s Global business operations playing a key
role in strategy and client management.

Management’s Philosophy and Operating Style
The Executive Management team at Cyient assesses risks prior to venturing into business ventures and
relationships. The size of Cyient enables the executive management team to interact with operating
management on a monthly basis through Operations Council (OC) meetings and Management Review
Meetings (MRM).

Risk Management and Risk Assessment
The application of protection measures is based on the risk associated with information assets and the
importance of those assets to the organization. As part of this process, threats to security are identified and
the risk from these threats are formally assessed.
Cyient has placed into operation a core Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) and risk assessment process to
identify and manage risks that could adversely affect their ability to provide reliable processing for client
organizations. This process consists of management identifying significant risks in their areas of
responsibility and implementing appropriate measures to address those risks. Senior Management team are
members of forums and core working groups in industry forums that discuss recent developments.

Information Security Policies
Cyient has developed an organization wide Cyient Information Security Policies.
Relevant and important Security Policies (IS Policies) are made available to all employees via Company
Intranet called as “Process Assets Library” (Cyient-PAL) or as relevant hard copy policies to new employees.
Changes to the information security policies are reviewed by HEAD-IT and approved by CIO prior to
implementation.

Information and Communication
Cyient has documented procedures covering significant functions and operations for each major work
groups. Policies and procedures are reviewed and updated based upon changes and approval by
management. Departmental managers monitor adherence to Cyient policies and procedures as part of their
daily activities.
Cyient management holds departmental status meetings, along with strategic planning meetings, to identify
and address service issues, customer problems, and project management concerns. For each service, there is
a selected service manager who is the focal point for communication regarding the service activity.
Additionally, there are personnel that have been designated to interface with the customer if processing or
systems development issues affect customer organizations. Electronic messaging has been incorporated into
many of Cyient’s processes to provide timely information to employees regarding daily operating activities
and to expedite management’s ability to communicate with Cyient employees.

13
Electronic Mail (e-Mail)
Communication to Customer Organizations and project teams will be handled through e-Mail as the primary
communication medium. Important corporate events, employee news, and cultural updates are some of the
messages communicated using e-Mail. e-Mail is also a means to draw attention of employees towards
adherence to specific procedural requirements.

Monitoring
Monitoring is the critical aspect of internal control in evaluating whether controls are operating as intended
and whether they are modified as appropriate for changes in business conditions. Cyient management and
Information Security personnel monitor the quality of internal control performance as a routine part of their
activities.

Production systems and infrastructure are monitored through service level monitoring tools like ‘Nagios’,
‘Manage Engine OpManager’ which monitor compliance with service level commitments and agreements.
Reports are shared with applicable personnel and customers, and actions are taken and communicated to
relevant parties, including customers, when such commitments and agreements are not met. In addition, a
self-assessment scan of vulnerabilities is performed using ‘Tenable Nessus Professional’. Vulnerabilities are
evaluated and remediation actions monitored and completed. Results and recommendations for
improvement are reported to management.

Components of the System
Infrastructure
The infrastructure comprises physical and hardware components of the System including facilities,
equipment, and networks.

Network Segmentation Overview
Cyient offices are equipped with the latest hardware, software and networking infrastructure. Offices are
linked using high speed communication links, backed up by resilient ‘networks and core infrastructure
including network devices’ to improve the SLA.

14
Network Connection to Client Sites
Cyient access the client network(s) via secured Point-to-Point VPN / Citrix Connections. Client application
unique user login Id and password is shared with employees for accessing the client provided server/service.
Clients are notified of any terminations or changes in project personnel for people who have been provided
sign-on ids.

Physical Structure Overview
Cyient’s power systems are designed to provide uninterrupted power, regardless of the availability of power
from the local public utilities supplying the office premises; UPS units and backup generators supply power
to the center in the event of a power failure.
All components are covered by maintenance contracts and tested regularly. Generators are tested
periodically.
Fire Extinguishers and smoke detectors are installed at all sensitive points. Regular check on the working
condition is done, warranty is checked, and AMC is entered on completion of Warranty. ERT team is
formulated by identifying members from each floor. Yearly fire drills are conducted in coordination with
Admin and HR personnel. The fire drill reports are collected, and analysis is made upon them.

15
Temperature and humidity monitoring devices are placed in critical information processing areas and the
reading will be captured and processed by the respective area facility & administration teams for any actions.

Physical Access
Cyient has its global headquarters and delivery center at “Plot #11, Software units Layout, Infocity,
Madhapur, Hyderabad”. The Main building entrance is secured with a security personnel and CCTV
surveillance. Physical and Environmental Security of Cyient is controlled and governed by Cyient ISMS Policy.
Entry to the Cyient offices/data processing areas is restricted to authorized personnel by a badge access
control system. All employees are provided with badge access cards and these cards will also perform
attendance recording. All visitors have to sign the visitors register and are given inactive visitor card.
Employees are granted access only to those areas which they require to access. Some members of the IT
Support Team & Administration team have access to the entire facility. The management team has access to
all areas except the server rooms. Employees are required to wear their access cards / employee
identification cards at all times while within the facility.
CCTV’s placed at each data processing area entrance is enhanced with Artificial Intelligence (AI) to capture
any Piggybacking / Tailgating attempts and log the security events, send the respective alert to the respective
employee manager.
CCTV is implemented to monitor the activities in server room and main entrance and other secure zones.
Admin Team monitors the CCTV recordings. Logs are generated and communicated to the management
periodically. Backup of recordings is stored for 45 days.
ID cards are issued to new employees based on an access requisition initiated by the Human Resource (HR)
group. The HR group creates a ticket in helpdesk ticketing application requesting the IT team and
Administration / Facilities team to issue an access card to the new employee. The IT / Administration team
ensures that the access card/biometric controls configured with the appropriate access rights, and then
issues the same to the employee.
On separation of an employee from the organization, the HR group initiates the 'Exit Process' and circulates
it to all the concerned groups. Based on this, the employee’s privileges in the access control system are
revoked.
Access by visitors, contractors and/or third-party support service personnel’s both entry and exit are
monitored by security personnel. Photography, video, audio or other recording equipment, are not allowed
inside secure premises, unless specifically authorized. Such accesses are recorded, authorized and
monitored. Visitor, contract and/or third-party service personnel to sensitive areas such as data centers are
strictly on “need to have” basis and subject to the principle of least privileges.

The Data Center
The Data Center monitoring and access is provisioned through CCTV and Biometric access systems. Cyient
policies protect sensitive equipment such as servers, communication and power hubs and controls by
locating them in secure and data centers and bonded areas that are not easily visible / accessible to public
and apply appropriate controls to mitigate risks from physical and environmental threats and hazards and
opportunities for misuse or unauthorized access. Only Authorized personnel are allowed to enter such
16
sensitive areas controlled with separate access cards and bio metric systems. Third parties are allowed access
to the server room only under the supervision of Facility or IT team members
The badge access card along with biometric thumb print opens the door lock for entering into the Data Center.
The Data Center is equipped with resilient systems that can support the availability and continuity of services
at all layers viz power supply, ISP links, Cooling Systems and resilient core network infrastructure. All
services being served through this data center are equipped with state-of-the-art load balancer technologies
to avail high availability.

Firewalls
Palo Alto Firewall’s are configured on the perimeter network to protect IT resources. Firewall and switch
configuration standards are documented. Firewall and switch configurations are reviewed by management
on a quarterly basis.
The ability to modify Palo Alto is limited to the Cyient IT Department. Specifically, IT Department is
authorized to request changes from the provider. Internet Access to Cyient employees is limited through Palo
Alto login and restricted to lower level employees. Sites are allowed based on the nature of the work and the
allowed site categories for the employees. Only frequently used sites are open to the employees for
production purpose. Management level employees are given restricted access through firewall configuration
limiting not to browse any malicious site.
Visitors are limited to use the Internet through Cyient guest Wi-Fi upon specific request at the reception and
a unique guest login. The Guest Wi-Fi is completely isolated from the rest of the Cyient network to maintain
adequate security.

Network & endpoint protection and monitoring
Access to Internet services from any company computing device (laptop, workstation, server etc.) or from
any company address designation should be made through the company’s approved perimeter security
mechanisms. External connections to company servers are not permitted.
In order to stop any malware from affecting the security of the customer and organizational data, Cyient uses
daily Symantec Endpoint Protection vulnerability scans along with UTM devices. IT team ensures that all the
endpoints in organizations are scanned for any vulnerabilities, including public IPs and services hosted on
Data Center, and that any malware is dealt with efficiently and in a timely manner.

Monitoring
Cyient has devised and implemented adequate monitoring controls to detect unauthorized information
processing activities. Critical servers and systems are configured to log user activities, exceptions and
information security events. System administrator and system operator activities are logged and reviewed
on a periodic basis.
Capacity management controls are put in place to make certain Cyient ’s resources are monitored, tuned and
projections are made to ensure system performance meets the expected service levels and to minimize the
risk of systems failure and capacity related issues. Addition of new information systems and facilities,
upgrades, new version and changes are subject to formal system analysis, testing and approval prior to
acceptance.

17
Patch Management
Corporate IT team will maintain contacts with software principles (Ex. Microsoft) and receive monthly
security inputs on critical updates released. Patches are tested and confirmed by IT team before applying to
the production environment. Before deployment of any patches they are tested and deployed by the
corporate IT teams and business IT SPOC’s. The patch management activity is done regularly or as and when
any critical changes to the computing environment.

Vulnerability Scans & Intrusion Detection/Intrusion Prevention
The cyber security team ensures that periodic checks to network device / servers operating systems are
checked for stability and any vulnerability issues and inform to the respective IT operations team for taking
necessary remediation. Required patches are installed to ensure efficient working of the servers, desktops
and critical network devices to remediate the reported issues. Operating system patches are managed and
applied as they become available.
As per the audit calendar, all the network settings are audited for any vulnerability by doing scans
periodically. These scans are done by the system admin internally. McAfee endpoint protection is installed
with the feature of scanning the device automatically and log reports are reviewed by the system admin.

End point security: Anti-virus and Data Leak protection
Anti-virus software has been installed on all desktops & laptops enabled with Threat protection & Adaptive
Threat Prevention (ATP). e. Updates to the virus definition files are managed and downloaded by the software
itself on a daily basis from the vendor website at specific intervals. Anti-Virus software has end point DLP to
protect and control the use of removable devices.
All inbound and outbound e-Mails are scanned for spam, phishing, viruses and are filtered by Cisco IronPort
at gateway and further scanned automatically using TrendMicro Deep Discovery E-mail inspector (Advanced
Threat Protection) for any advanced threats. Anti-malware and end-point Host Intrusion Protection System
(HIPS) practices are in accordance with Cyient malware protection policy.
‘Forcepoint DLP’ an end-point protection has been installed on all the desktops & Laptops to prevent
unauthorized data transfers outside the organization through various medium like web, e-mail, usb, CD/DVD,
Bluetooth and any mobile apps.

People
Organizational Structure
The organizational structure of Cyient provides the overall framework for planning, directing, and
controlling operations. It has segregate personnel and business functions into functional groups according
to job responsibilities. This approach helps enable the organization to define responsibilities, lines of
reporting, and communication, and helps facilitate employees to focus on the specific business issues
impacting Cyient clients.

18
Mr. Krishna Bodanapu is responsible for oversight of global Cyient. The Cyient site is locally managed by the
following individuals / teams:
•
Operations / Legal Compliance
•
Engineering
•
Finance
•
Marketing
•
Sales
•
Quality Assurance
•
Product Delivery
•
Information Technology
•
Compliance and Audit
•
Administration
•
Human Resources
•
Business Development
The management team meets periodically to review business unit plans and performances. Weekly, monthly
meetings and calls with senior management, and department heads are held to review operational, security
and business issues, and plans for the future.
Cyient’s Information Security policies define and assign responsibilities/accountabilities for information
security. Regular management meetings are held to discuss the security level, changes, technology trends,
occurrence of incidents, and security initiatives
Cyient Organization Chart
19
The Board of Directors (‘the Board’) is ultimately accountable for corporate governance as a whole. The
management and control of information security risks is an integral part of corporate governance.
The MD & CEO lays down the security policy and objectives, and delegates’ responsibilities for
implementation of the information security system. He also formulates the Security Council, which is
comprised of representatives from various functions and locations of the company. The group shall be
reviewing the functioning of the information security systems and its effectiveness at least once in 6 months.
The Chief Information Officer (CIO), acting as the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), is responsible
for the preparation and maintenance of this CISM, enforcing policies and ensuring compliance, to assure
protection of information assets. The CIO and GEO specific IT Directors will also maintain contacts with
special interest groups such as CERT, SANS, NASSCOM, DSCI, CII and any local security bodies along with
other technology partners in the industry.

Board of Directors
Board of directors shall review the overall security program, investments around information security to
ensure controls in place and they are adequate to meet the statutory & regulatory requirements for
protecting the interests of stake holders.

Managing Director & CEO
The MD&CEO gives overall strategic direction by approving and mandating the information security policy,
manual and delegates operational responsibilities for physical and information security to the Security
Council headed by the CIO.

20
The MD&CEO has charged the Security Council with the task of securing Cyient’s information and
information related assets.
Information security activities shall be coordinated throughout Cyient by the Security Council, to ensure
consistent application of these security principles, axioms and policy statements.

Security Council
The Security Council comprised of representatives from all functional and delivery locations having
responsibilities for Management oversight and direction for both physical and logical aspects of Information
security, Coordinating and directing Cyient’s entire security framework, including the information security
controls at all Cyient locations
Commissioning or preparing information security policy statements, ensuring their compliance with the
principles and axioms approved by the Executive Chairman and formally approving them for use throughout
Cyient
Periodically reviewing the security policy statements to ensure the efficiency and effectiveness of the
information security controls and recommending improvements wherever necessary Identifying significant
trends and changes to Cyient’s information security risks and, where appropriate, proposing changes to the
controls framework and/or policies
Reviewing serious security incidents and, where appropriate, recommending strategic improvements
to address any underlying root causes
Periodically reporting on the status of the security controls infrastructure to the Executive Chairman, and
liaising as necessary with the Risk Management and Audit Committees etc., using metrics and other
information supplied by the CIO, local security committees, the Information Security Manager, Internal Audit
and others.
The Security Council delegates some of its responsibilities, however it remains accountable for the overall
effectiveness of information security throughout Cyient.

Chief Information Officer (CIO)
The CIO is responsible for
Heading the Security Council
Taking the lead on information governance as a whole - for example by issuing the policy manual and by
enforcing the overall strategic direction, support and review necessary to ensure that information assets are
identified and suitably protected throughout Cyient.
Appointing the IT-Governance, Risk and Compliance team for information security implementation
and compliance.

IT-Security Team
Implementation of the information security framework and controls
21
Defining technical and non-technical information security procedures, guidelines processes, methodologies
and support for their implementation
Supporting information asset owners, project security coordinators and CDU heads in defining,
implementation of controls, processes and supporting tools to comply with the policy manual to manage
information security risks
Assisting and supporting information asset owners, project security coordinators in the investigation
and remediation of information security incidents or other policy violations
Reviewing and monitoring compliance with the policy statements and contributing to internal audit and
control self-assessment (CSA) processes
Collecting, analyzing and communicating information security metrics and information related incidents
Liaising as necessary with related internal functions such as IT operations, compliance and internal audit, as
well as external functions when appropriate
Organizing a security awareness drive for personnel to enhance the security culture and develop a broad
understanding of the information security requirements.
Verifying that suitable technical, physical and procedural controls are in place in accordance with the manual,
and are properly applied and used by all associates. In particular, they shall take measures to ensure that
Cyient Associates:
Providing the direction, resources, support, and review necessary to ensure that information assets are
appropriately protected within the respective areas.

Risk Owner
Risk owners are the highest level of authority, accountable to manage the risk and have the authority to
approve the risk treatment plans and residual risks.

Information Asset Owners (IAOs)
IAOs are senior managers held accountable for the protection of Information Assets at their respective
business areas. IAOs may delegate information security tasks to managers or other individuals, however, shall
remain accountable for proper implementation of the controls on their respective assets.
IAO’s are responsible for:
•
•
•
•
•
•
Undertaking or commissioning information security risk assessments, to ensure that the information
security requirements are properly defined and documented during the early stages of development.
Appropriate classification and protection of the information assets.
Specifying and funding suitable protective controls.
Authorizing access to information assets in accordance with the classification and business needs
Ensuring timely completion of regular system/data access reviews
Monitoring compliance with protection requirements affecting their assets.

22
Department Information Security Off (DISO)
The Department Information Security Coordinator is the single point of contact between project teams,
customer liaison, and IT teams, in implementation and adherence to controls by associates in their respective
project(s).
The responsibilities of DISO included but not limited to are
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Documentation of security requirements for customer in IPMP
Ensure agreed security controls are implemented and working effectively
Conducting risk assessment as per risk management guideline
Review of access rights in coordination with IT teams (Physical, USB/Cd/DVD, admin, Folder file
permissions etc.),
Conduct floor Awareness sessions, and reporting status to ISMS team
Reporting security incidents and supporting Investigation,
Coordinate with internal functional groups/customer for customer security assessments,
Coordinate with ERT & BCP teams for DR drills.

All Associates
All Associates (i.e. employees on the payroll and others acting in a similar capacity, such as contractors,
consultants, student placements etc.) are responsible for complying with the principles, axioms and policies
in the information security policy manual where relevant to their jobs. They are responsible for maintaining
the security of information and related assets entrusted to them. Upon hire, as a condition of employment,
each associate undertakes to comply with Cyient’s information security policies. Any associate failing to
comply with the security policies would be subject to disciplinary action.
The Security Policy and Security Objectives of Cyient are available for all associates on the intranet
(Cyient PAL).

Commitment to competence
Cyient’s formal job descriptions outline the responsibilities and qualifications required for each position in
the company. Training needs are identified on an ongoing basis and are determined by current andanticipated
needs of Business. Employees are evaluated on an Annual basis to document performance levels and to
identify specific skill training needs
Assignment of Authority and Responsibility
Management is responsible for the assignment of responsibility and delegation of authority within Cyient.

Human Resources Policies and Procedures
Cyient maintains clear Human Resources Policies and Procedures in the intranet “Process assets Library (PAL)
site. The policies and procedures describe Cyient practices relating to hiring, training and development,
performance appraisal and advancement and the termination. Human Resource ('HR') policies and practices
are intended to inform employees on topics such as expected levels of integrity, ethical behaviour and
competence which includes Non-disclosure Agreement (NDA) “Acceptable use of IT resources”.

23
The Human Resources department review these policies and procedures along with relevant internal
functional departments on periodic basis to ensure they are updated to reflect changes in the organization
and the current operating environment. Employees are informed of these policies and procedures upon their
hiring and sign an acknowledgement form confirming their receipt. Personnel policies and procedures are
documented in the Cyient Human Resources Policy.

New Hire Procedures
New employees are required to read Cyient’s’ corporate policies and procedures and sign an
acknowledgement form stating that they have read and understand them. Hiring procedures require that the
proper educational levels have been attained along with required job-related certifications, if applicable, and
industry experience. If a candidate is qualified, interviews are conducted with various levels of management
and staff.
Background and reference checks are completed for prospective employees prior to employment through the
independent third-party service providers. Employees are required to sign Employee Confidentiality
Agreement and are on file for employees. Discrepancies noted in background investigations are documented
and investigated by the Human Resources Department in conjunction with a third-party verification agency.
Any discrepancies found in background investigations result in disciplinary actions, up to and including
employee termination.

Training and Development
On an ongoing basis, Cyient examines its employee training and development needs from a business
standpoint, both in terms of current needs either internal or customer driven. Cyient compares these needs
to the current skills held by its employees. On an as-needed basis, Cyient may select certain employees to
receive additional training to meet the current and anticipated needs of the organisation. Cyient also offers
regular trainings prepared in-house to undertake trainings on a periodic basis on relevant topics. These
trainings are attended by the selected technical employees of the specific department the training belongs to.

Performance Evaluation
Cyient has a performance review and evaluation program to recognize employees for performance and
contributions. Cyient performance evaluation process is also used to help employees improve their
performance and skill levels. Employees performance reviews, promotion and compensation adjustment are
performed every 12 months. The performance evaluation is reviewed with the employee and signed by the
employee and their manager. For specific cases, Interim performance reviews shall be carried out by the HR
to meet the market benchmarking compensation levels.

New Employee Training
Digital awareness induction module is mandatory for any new joiner to complete within 15 days of the Joining.
Failure in such mandated induction course completion will lead to in-accessibility to timesheet logging. HR
coordinates to provide information security awareness program to all employees as part of induction. HR
maintains the records of information security awareness training namely attendance sheets and feedback
forms from employees. Employees undergo security awareness training regularly.

Employee Terminations
Termination or change in employment is being processed as per Cyient HR related procedures. There are
clearly identified and assigned responsibilities with regard to termination or change in employment.
24
All employees, contractors and third-party personnel are required to return physical and digital
Identification/access tokens provided to them by Cyient or its clients on their termination of employment or
contract.
Access privileges are revoked upon termination of employment, contract or agreement. In case of change of
employment /role, rights associated with the prior roles are removed and new access privileges are created
as appropriate for the current job roles and responsibilities.

Ethical Practices
Cyient reinforces the importance of the integrity message and the tone starts at the top. Every employee,
manager and director consistently maintain an ethical stance and support ethical behaviour. Employees at
Cyient encourage open dialogue, get honest feedback and treat everyone fairly, with honesty and objectivity.

Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Action
Cyient has put forward Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Process in-order to encourage and maintain
standards of conduct and ensure consistent and fair treatment for all. Cyient employee whose conduct does
not comply with an element of the code of conduct and has been found to have breached the Code is
prosecuted as per defined process.

Procedures
IT policies and operating instructions are documented. Procedures described cover server management,
server hardening, workstation security system, network management, security patch management, user
creation, system audit, ID card activation, etc. Additionally, production and training standard operating
procedures are available.

Help Desk
Cyient has put in place a helpdesk function that function within the IT Department and an integrated helpdesk
to handle problems and support requirements of users. support users in case of incidents and manage them
without disruption to Cyient ’s business and ensures that changes to any component of Cyient ’s information
assets and infrastructure are controlled and managed in a structured manner.
All requests received at the Help Desk are classified as to their priority & criticality and resolved within the
maximum resolution time as detailed in the Cyient helpdesk Change Management and Incident Response
Procedure.

Change Management
Cyient has implemented a well-defined Change management process to ensure that all changes to the
information processing facilities, including equipment, supporting facilities and utilities, networks,
application software, systems software and security devices are managed and controlled. The Change
Management process describes a methodical approach to handle the changes that are to be made to any work
product. All the changes need to be subjected to a formal Change Management process.

25
Change Management covers any change to the Information assets and infrastructure of Cyient and include but
not limited to addition/ modification in the application, application components, database structure, DBMS,
system and network components, policies and procedures.
Every change to such base lined components is governed by the change control and management procedures
as outlined in the Helpdesk, Change management and Incidence Response procedure. Cyient’s change
management process requires all security patches and system and software configuration changes to be tested
before deployment into Staging or Production environments.
All changes are recorded, approved, implemented, tested and versioned before moving to production
environment. The impact of implementing every significant change are analyzed and approved by the IT Head
before such implementation. A sign-off shall be obtained from the personnel who had requested for the change
after implementation of the change. The effectiveness of the Change Management process is reviewed on a
quarterly basis by CIO.

Incident Response and Management
Procedures for the incident response including identification and escalation of security breaches and other
incidents are included in the policy. Users or any other person log all incidents to the Helpdesk. The help desk
personnel study and escalate all security incidents to the designated team for further escalation/resolution.
Any event related to security of Information assets including facilities and people are termed as an Incident.
When an incident is detected or reported, a defined incident response process is initiated by authorized
personnel. Corrective actions are implemented in accordance with defined policies and procedures. Rootcause analyses of all the incidents are performed and the root cause identified shall remedy and reported. The
actions proposed from the root-cause analyses are approved by CTO.

Logical Access
Security Authorization and Administration
Email is sent from HR to IT helpdesk for all new employees for a new user account and the first-time password
creation with mandated password change after first login will be sent to the respective manager. The
allocation of workstation configured with minimum default access to company resources/applications
required by an employee to perform the job duty will be assigned by the respective manager in coordination
with the IT team. The default access levels for different departments are defined and documented in IT policy
manual. Any additional access is provided upon helpdesk ticket duly approved by the line manager and
approved by VP Operations. Company has standard configuration that is implemented across Desktops &
laptops individually based on the need of the business area.
Only the IT team has access to change user profile or give higher access. Other employees do not have local
admin privileges on their desktops, only IT team has access to install software on employees' machines. The
ability to create or modify users and user access privileges is limited to the IT team.
Access to resources is granted to an authenticated user based on the user’s identity through a unique login ID
that is authenticated by an associated password. Assets are assigned owners who are responsible for
evaluating the appropriateness of access based on job roles. This is documented in Access Control Matrix.

26
Roles are periodically reviewed and updated by asset owners regularly. Privileged access to sensitive
resources is restricted to IT team. Access to storage, backup data, systems, and media is limited to IT team
through the use of physical and logical access controls.

Security Configuration
Employees establish their identity to the local network and remote systems through the use of a valid unique
user ID that is authenticated by an associated password. Use of encrypted VPN channels help to ensure that
only valid users gain access to IT components. Remote access is not permitted to any employee.
Passwords are controlled through Password policy and include periodic forced changes, password expiry and
complexity requirements. User accounts are disabled after a limited number of unsuccessful logon attempts;
the user is required to contact the IT Support team to reset the password. Local users do not have access to
modify password rules.

Guest and anonymous login accounts are disabled are not allowed on any machines. Local administrator
privilege is restricted to the IT Support Team and is not available to other users. However, where the project
need the team members to have the local admin access, respective line manager will raise a request to senior
management, which can approve or deny the request based on its merit.

Unattended desktops are locked within a time of inactivity. Users are required to provide their password to
unlock the desktop.

Administrative Level Access
Administrative rights and access to administrative accounts are granted to individuals that require that level
of access in order to perform their jobs. All administrative level access, other than to IT team, must be justified
to and approved by Head of Information Security (ISMS).

Out Bound Communication
Cyient development applications are accessible only within the Cyient V-LAN Network. For uploading the files
and communication to the client, external point-to-point VPN internet access is established. Internet usage is
restricted and controlled through Palo Alto firewall. The IT Team periodically reviews and recommends
changes to web and protocol filtering rules. Cyient Cyber security team review these rules and decide if any
changes are to be made.

Confidentiality
Cyient classifies data as ‘Highly Confidential’, ‘Confidential’, ‘Internal’ and ‘Public’. Access to data is restricted
through password-controlled folders and any external data transfers are monitored using Forcepoint DLP¬
Secure procedures are established to ensure safe and secure disposal of media when no longer required. The
level of destruction or disposal of media would depend on the information or data stored in the media and the
criticality of the information as per the information classification guideline.

27
Media Disposal process ensures that the disposal of unwanted media viz. HDD’s, Tapes, print copies, CD’s etc.,
are disposed timely to protect and maintain the secure disposal of the information and data.

Backup and Recovery of Data
Cyient has developed formal policies and procedures relating to back up and recovery. Backup policy is
defined in the Backup and media handling policy. Suitable backups are taken and maintained (including
storing of backups offsite) in relevant tape media or over remote storage through synchronisation (Storage
replication).
Cyient has put in place backup processes that define the type of information to be backed up, backup cycles
and the methods of performing backup. Monthly back-up copies are stored in a secure off-site location; the
backup media are tested for restoration on a periodic basis to ensure the effectiveness and integrity of backup.
All backup copies are tested periodically to ensure that the data and information are securely retrievable in
the event of an emergency without any loss of information. Users are made aware through adequate training
their responsibilities for ensuring backup of required data and information.

Data Restoration Procedure
A well-established data restoration procedure is evident within the backup policy to ensure that the data in
backup media is retrievable when in need.
Restoration is done in two cases – primary case is when a Cyient member makes a request to recover some
data that they might have lost. The other case when a restoration test is done during our regular DR test. The
relevant IT personnel (i.e., the backup administrator) ensures that the data is restored appropriately and
inform back to the requester for verification and use.

Applicable Trust Services Criteria and related Controls
The security, availability and confidentiality trust services categories and Cyient related controls are included
in section 4 of this report, “Independent Service Auditor's Description of Tests of Controls and Results”.
Cyient has determined that Processing Integrity and Privacy trust services Categories are not relevant to the
system.

User- Entity Control Considerations
Services provided by Cyient to user entities and the controls of Cyient cover only a portion of the overall
controls of each user entity. Cyient controls were designed with the assumption that certain controls would
be implemented by user entities. In certain situations, the application of specific controls at user entities is
necessary to achieve objectives relating to the services outlined in this report to be achieved solely by Cyient.
This section highlights those internal control responsibilities that Cyient believes should be present for each
user entity and has considered in developing the controls described in the report. This list does not purport
to be and should not be considered a complete listing of the controls relevant at user entities. Other controls
may be required at user entities.
Contractual Arrangements
•
User organizations are responsible for understanding and complying with their contractual
obligations to Cyient such as providing input information, review and approval of processed output
and releasing any instructions.
28
Other Controls
•
•
•
•
User Organizations are responsible for ensuring end customer privacy.
User Organizations are responsible for ensuring that complete, accurate and timely information is
provided to Cyient for processing.
User Organizations are responsible for their network security policy and access management for their
networks, application & data.
User Organizations are responsible for working with Cyient to jointly establish service levels and
revise the same based on changes in business conditions
Complementary Subservice Organization Controls
Cyient utilizes ServiceNow and Tata Communications Limited (TCL) to perform certain functions as described
in the description above. Rather than duplicate the control tests, controls at ServiceNow and TCL are not
included in the scope of this report. The affected criteria are included below along with the expected controls.
Security:
1.

Restrict access to data and systems applying the least-privileged principle through logical and physical
access management processes. (CC 6)
2.

Monitor key system components for security incidents to identify and respond to security threats
timely through logical and manual security logging and monitoring processes. (CC 7.3)
3.

Use of encryption technologies to protect user organization data both at rest and in transit. (CC 6.7)
4.

Implement authorized and tested changes to system components through development and change
management processes. (CC 8)
Availability:
5.

Maintain and monitor an infrastructure that ensures user organization data are replicated and backedup at multiple locations.(A1.2)
6.

Maintain and monitor an infrastructure that ensures user organization capacity demands are met.
(A1.1)
Confidentiality:
7.

Maintain data classification standards and processes to identify confidential user organization data.
(CC 6.1)
8.

Restrict access to confidential data applying the least-privileged principle through logical and manual
physical access management processes. (CC 6.1)
29
Section: IV: Independent Service Auditor’s description of Tests
of Controls and Results
30
Independent Service Auditor’s description of Tests of Controls and Results
Overview
This report on the controls at Cyient (Service Organization) is intended to provide an opinion on the fairness
of the presentation of the description of Cyient’s system; the suitability of the design of the controls to achieve
specified control objectives and the operating effectiveness of those controls in place at Cyient throughout the
period from November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021. Our examination of Cyient‘s controls was restricted to
the control objectives and the related controls speciﬁed by Cyient in Section IV and was not extended to
controls in place at user locations or other control procedures, which may be described in Section III but not
listed in Section IV.
The examination was performed in accordance with AICPA Statement on Standards for Attestation
Engagements No. 18 (SSAE18), “Attestation Standards: Clarification and Recodification” read with AT-C 105,
Concepts common to attestation engagements, AT-C 205, Examination engagements and the AICPA guide to
Reporting on controls at a Service Organization relevant to Security, Availability, Processing Integrity,
Confidentiality or Privacy (SOC 2®). It is the responsibility of User entities (User Organization) to evaluate this
information in relation to the controls in place at each user location to assess the total control environment. If
effective user controls are not in place, Cyient’s controls may not compensate for such weaknesses.
This report on Controls at a Service Organization relevant to Security, Confidentiality, Availability and the
suitability of the design and the operating effectiveness of those controls is intended to provide interested
parties with information sufficient to understand the basic structure of controls within Cyient. This report,
when coupled with an understanding of controls in place at user locations, is intended to permit evaluation of
the total system of internal control surrounding the reviewed systems.

Evaluating the fairness of presentation of the description:
The criteria for evaluating the fairness of presentation of the description of the system of Cyient are as follows:
i. Information regarding the types of services provided
ii. Components of the system used to provide the services comprising of:
a. Infrastructure
b. Software
c. People
d. Procedures; and Data
iii. Boundaries of the system covered
iv. Capturing and addressing significant events and conditions by the system; and
v. Process used to prepare and deliver reports and other information to User entities (User Organization)
31
Test of operating effectiveness of controls:
Our tests of effectiveness of the controls included such tests as we considered necessary in the circumstances
to evaluate the suitability of the design of the controls to achieve specified control objectives and the operating
effectiveness of those controls achieved during the period from November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021. Our
tests of the operational effectiveness of controls were designed to cover a representative number of
transactions and procedures throughout the period of November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021, for the controls
listed in Section IV, which are designed based on the Security, Confidentiality, Availability criteria are outlined
in TSP Section 100 (2017), Trust Services Criteria. In selecting a particular test of the operational effectiveness
of controls, the following were considered: (a) the nature of the items being tested, (b) the types and
competency of available evidential matter, (c) the nature of the audit objectives to be achieved, (d) the assessed
level of control risk and, (e) the expected efficiency and effectiveness of the test.
The types of tests performed with respect to the information addressed in Section IV and of the operating
effectiveness of controls as detailed in Section IV are brieﬂy described below:
Test
Description
Inspection
Inspected documents and reports indicating performance of the control
activity.

Re-performance/Transaction
Testing Re-performed application of the control activity.

Observation
Observed application of specific control activities.

Corroborative Inquiry
Made inquiries of appropriate personnel and corroborated responses
with management.

Description of Tests Performed
The following information pertains to tests of operating effectiveness performed by Independent Auditors.
Tests were performed only of those controls specifically identified. Testing of the operating effectiveness of
identified controls was performed during the period from November 01, 2020 to October 31, 2021. The nature
and extent of tests performed, along with the specific control objective they were designed to achieve, are
identified in the table below.

Sampling
In accordance with AICPA authoritative literature, professional judgment is utilized to consider the tolerable
deviation rate, the expected deviation rate, the audit risk, the characteristics of the population, and other
factors, in order to determine the number of items to be selected in a sample for a test. Samples were selected
in such a way that they were expected to be representative of the population. This included judgmental
selection methods, where applicable, to ensure representative samples were obtained.
Reliability of Information Provided by the Service Organization
Observation and inspection procedures were performed related to certain system-generated reports, listings,
and queries to assess the accuracy and completeness (reliability) of the information used in the performance
of our testing of the controls.

32
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
CC1.1 The entity demonstrates a commitment to integrity and ethical values.
•
The Company has mission and vision
statements. Additionally, the entity has
developed a clearly articulated statement of
values that is understood at all levels of the
organization.

•
The Company has implemented a whistle
blower program to identify financial
irregularities, unethical practices and frauds.

•
The Company has approved code of business
conduct that is applied across the entity. The
Code of Conduct outlines strict disciplinary
consequences for violation of code of conduct.

•
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
• The Company has mission and vision
statements. Additionally, the entity has
developed a clearly articulated statement of
values that is understood at all levels of the
organization.
•
The Company has implemented a whistle
blower program to identify financial
irregularities, unethical practices and frauds.

•
The Company has approved code of business
conduct that is applied across the entity. The
Code of Conduct outlines strict disciplinary
consequences for violation of code of conduct.

•
The code of conduct is published on the Cyient
PAL portal for employees to review and accept.

The code of conduct is published on the Cyient
PAL portal for employees to review and accept.

No exceptions noted
Inspection:
Inspected the following and determined that the
defined controls are in place:
• Cyient Vision/Mission statements published
and circulated amongst the employees
•
•
Whistle Blower policy
Disciplinary action policy
33
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Observation:
Observed the internal portal for a select sample of
employees and determined that code of conduct is
reviewed and accepted.
CC 1.2 The board of directors demonstrates independence from management and exercises oversight of the development and performance of internal control
•
Security Council Meetings headed by CIO are
held every 3 months to discuss the security
level, changes, technology trends, occurrence of
incidents, and security initiatives.

•
The Company has an Enterprise Risk Committee
that reports to the Board of Directors.

Inquiry:
• Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that Security Council
Meetings headed by CIO are held every 3
months to discuss the security level, changes,
technology trends, occurrence of incidents, and
security initiatives.

No exceptions noted
Inspection:
Inspected the following and determined that the
defined controls are in place:
• Select sample of Security Council meetings
minutes
• Governance and Business Alignment structure
CC 1.3 Management establishes, with board oversight, structures, reporting lines, and appropriate authorities and responsibilities in the pursuit of objectives.
•
•
Organization chart is documented that depicts
authority, reporting lines and responsibilities
for management of the organization’s
information systems. These charts are
communicated to employees through intranet
and are updated as needed.
Company has defined and documented
Information security related policies and
procedures shared internally via CYIENT
PAL(Document repository).

Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
•
•
•
No exceptions noted
Organization chart is defined and
communicated via Cyient portal.
CYIENT PAL portal hosts information
security and other employee policy
documentation
Information Security Policies are reviewed
and approved by the Management at least
annually.

34
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• Information Security Policies are reviewed and
approved by the Management at least annually.
•
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Allocation of information security responsibility
is documented in information security manual
available at CYIENT PAL (Document repository).

•
Test Result
Allocation
of
information
security
responsibility
is
documented
in
information security manual available at
CYIENT PAL
Authority limits, delegation of powers and
other responsibilities are in place for
significant roles.

Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
•
Cyient Organization chart
Review history of policy documentation
Information Security Manual
Observation:
Observed the Cyient Pal portal and noted that the
company has defined and documented Information
security related policies and procedures shared
internally via CYIENT PAL.
CC 1.4 The entity demonstrates a commitment to attract, develop, and retain competent individuals in alignment with objectives.
•
The company has documented Policies and
procedures pertaining to management of
human resources.

•
Job requirements are documented in the job
descriptions, and candidates’ abilities to meet
these requirements are evaluated as part of the
hiring and transfer process.

•
New employees sign offer letter as their
agreement and acceptance of broad terms of
Inquiry:
Inquired with the HR Manager and ascertained that:
• The company has documented Policies and
procedures pertaining to management of
human resources.
•
No exceptions noted
Job requirements are documented in the job
descriptions, and candidates’ abilities to meet
these requirements are evaluated as part of the
hiring and transfer process.

35
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
employment including a brief description of
position and other terms.
•
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
New employees sign offer letter as their
agreement and acceptance of broad terms of
employment including a brief description of
position and other terms.

•
Talent acquisition team initiates the
background check process with an external
vendor prior to onboarding.

•
Newly hired personnel are provided sufficient
training before they assume the responsibilities
of their new position
•
An awareness refresher training is provided to
all employees on at least annual basis. These are
rolled out as digital E Learning.

Talent acquisition team initiates the
background check process with an external
vendor prior to onboarding.

•
Newly hired personnel are provided sufficient
training before they assume the responsibilities
of their new position.

•
The induction training given by HR includes
information security training. In this training
the HR, physical access and security polices are
explained.

•
An awareness refresher training is provided to
all employees on at least annual basis. These are
rolled out as digital E Learning.

•
All new employees have to read and sign the
Confidentiality Agreement/NDA upon joining.

•
All new employees have to read and sign the
Confidentiality Agreement/NDA upon joining.

•
As part of employee orientation, new hires are
required to acknowledge their understanding
and acceptance of the Acceptable Information
Use Policy (AUP).

•
As part of employee orientation, new hires are
required to acknowledge their understanding
and acceptance of the Acceptable Information
Use Policy (AUP).

Test Result
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
Job descriptions for a select sample of roles
36
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
•
•
Test Result
Cyber Security Awareness Program completion
status for a select sample of employees.
Offer letter, NDA, background check reports,
acceptable use policy acknowledgement and
induction training attendance for a select
sample of new joiners
Employee Code of conduct
Observation:
Observed the Cyient PAL portal and noted that
policy and procedure documents are maintained
and updated.
CC 1.5 The entity holds individuals accountable for their internal control responsibilities in the pursuit of objectives.
•
Roles and responsibilities are defined and
documented at CYIENT PAL (Document
repository).

•
Job descriptions are reviewed by entity
management on a periodic basis.

•
Performance appraisals are performed at least
annually.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the HR Manager and ascertained that:
• Roles and responsibilities are defined and
documented at CYIENT PAL(Document
repository).
• Job descriptions are reviewed by entity
management on a periodic basis.
• Performance appraisals are conducted on an
annual basis.

No exceptions noted
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
•
Roles and responsibilities as part of the
Information Security Manual
Select sample of job descriptions
Performance appraisal completion from Cyient
portal for a select sample of employees.

COMMUNICATION AND INFORMATION
37
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Organization
CC 2.1 The entity obtains or generates and uses relevant, quality information to support the functioning of internal control.
Inquiry:
No exceptions noted
• Internal audits are performed, results are
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
communicated and corrective actions
Quality and ascertained that:
monitored.
• Internal audits are performed, results are
• Timely reporting is carried out internally by
communicated
and
corrective
actions
all major departments.
monitored.
•
Timely reporting is carried out internally by all
major departments.

Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
select sample of process wise internal audit
reports, Non-conformity and corrective action
reports
Select sample of monthly report- control tower
for tracking deliverables, resource efficiency
and other metrics-maintained project wise
CC 2.2 The entity internally communicates information, including objectives and responsibilities for internal control, necessary to support the functioning of
internal control.
No exceptions noted
• Employees/associates can express their Inquiry:
Inquired
with
the
Senior
ManagerCorporate
concern/issues/grievances through MYCYIENT
portal and feedback through annual ASAT Quality and ascertained that:
survey
• Employees/associates can express their
concern/issues/grievances through MYCYIENT
portal and feedback through annual ASAT
• An organizational wide incident management
survey
process is in place enabled through MYCYIENT
portal. IT specific incidents are captured • An organizational wide incident management
through GHD(Global help desk) and information
process is in place enabled through MYCYIENT
security incidents through security incident
portal.
management portal.
38
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
•
•
An awareness refresher training is provided to
all employees on at least annual basis covering
security objectives. These are rolled out as
Information Security Awareness Program.
Users are informed of the process for reporting
complaints and security breaches during
induction Security Training.
Security
policies
are
published
and
disseminated to employees via Cyient PAL
intranet
•
Test Result
An awareness refresher training is provided to
all employees on at least annual basis covering
security objectives. These are rolled out as
Information Security Awareness Program.
Users are informed of the process for reporting
complaints and security breaches during
induction Security Training.
Security
policies
are
published
and
disseminated to employees via Cyient PAL
intranet
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
•
Select sample of incident tickets from
MYCYIENT portal and IT incidents tickets from
GHD helpdesk
Cyber Security Awareness Program completion
status for a select sample of employees.
Select sample of emails sensitizing employees
about phishing, work from home best practices,
cyber security awareness and privacy best
practices.

Observation:
Observed the MyCyient portal and noted that
employees can report concern/issues/grievances
through their respective dashboards. Also noted that
ASAT feedback is collected from employees for
various initiatives within the organization.

39
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Observed the CYIENT PAL portal and noted that
policy documents are stored in the centralized
repository.
CC 2.3 The entity communicates with external parties regarding matters affecting the functioning of internal control.
No exceptions noted
• Company's
security,
availability
and Inquiry:
confidentiality commitments regarding the Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
system are included in the client contracts / Quality and ascertained that:
SOW.
• Company's
security,
availability
and
confidentiality commitments regarding the
system are included in the client contracts /
SOW.
• Customer specific SLA commitments are
monitored on a periodic basis. These are shared • Customer specific SLA commitments are
with customers based on the customer
monitored on a periodic basis. These are shared
requirements.
with customers based on the customer
requirements.
• Customers provide their issues, complaints or • Customers provide their issues, complaints or
feedback through email to Business Heads.
feedback through email to Business Heads.
• A client escalation matrix is in place to ensure
• A client escalation matrix is in place to ensure
that communication channels for external users
that communication channels for external users
are available on a timely basis.
are available on a timely basis.
• Changes to systems, network, working
arrangements, employees are communicated to
clients, if it impacts their operations
• Changes to systems, network, working
arrangements, employees are communicated to • Incidents impacting external users are
clients, if it impacts their operations
communicated to them through emails along
with root cause analysis, if required.
•
Customer can provide their issues, complaints or
feedback through email to Business Heads,
customers feedback is collected annually
through survey (CSAT)
Observation:
• Observed a select sample of MSAs entered into
with customers and noted that Company's
security, availability and confidentiality
commitments regarding the system are
included in the client contracts / SOW.
40
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Observed the CSAT surveys collected from
customer and noted that feedback mechanism is
in place.

Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
•
•
Select sample of monthly report- control tower
for tracking deliverables, resource efficiency
and other metrics-maintained project wise
client escalation matrix
Integrated Project Management Plan for the
project in scope specifying the methodology of
execution, responsibilities of Cyient and the
customer.
Select sample of emails notifying customers of
changes
to
workforce
members
for
creation/modification of access
RISK ASSESSMENT
CC 3.1 The entity specifies objectives with sufficient clarity to enable the identification and assessment of risks relating to objectives.

•
•
Risk Assessment Scales (Risk Rating scales) are
defined to evaluate and assess the significance
of Risk. This is part of the Risk Management
Framework.
Policies and procedures related to risk
management are developed, implemented, and
communicated to personnel.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
•
•
No exceptions noted
Risk Assessment Scales (Risk Rating scales) are
defined to evaluate and assess the significance
of Risk. This is part of the Risk Management
Framework.
Policies and procedures related to risk
management are developed, implemented, and
communicated to personnel.

41
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Inspection:
•
Inspected the Information Security Operational
Risk Management Procedure and determined
that the defined controls are in place.

CC 3.2 The entity identifies risks to the achievement of its objectives across the entity and analyzes risks as a basis for determining how the risks should be
managed.
•
Policies and procedures related to risk
management are developed, implemented, and
communicated to personnel.

•
A risk assessment is performed atleast on an
annual basis.

•
As part of this process, threats to security are
identified and the risk from these threats is
formally assessed.

•
Risk treatment plans are in place to respond to
risks.

Inquiry:
No exceptions noted
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
• Policies and procedures related to risk
management are developed, implemented, and
communicated to personnel.
• A risk assessment is performed atleast on an
annual basis.
• As part of this process, threats to security are
identified and the risk from these threats is
formally assessed.
•
Risk Mitigation Plans and action trackers are in
place to respond to risks.

Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
Information
Security
Operational
Risk
Management Procedure
• Risk Management Plan done process wise
• Risk treatment plan
CC 3.3 The entity considers the potential for fraud in assessing risks to the achievement of objectives.

42
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• Company has defined a formal risk management
process for evaluating risks based on identified
vulnerabilities, threats, asset value and
mitigating controls.
•
A risk assessment is performed atleast on an
annual basis.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Inspection:
• Inspected a select sample of process wise Risk
Assessment reports and determined that
Company has defined a formal risk management
process for evaluating risks based on identified
vulnerabilities, threats, asset value and
mitigating controls.

No exceptions noted
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that risk management policy
documents the process for risk evaluation.
CC 3.4 The entity identifies and assesses changes that could significantly impact the system of internal control.
•
The Risk and Compliance team evaluates the
design of controls and mitigation strategies in
meeting identified risks and recommends
changes in the control environment.

•
Whenever new products or services are added
or its business model changes, a risk assessment
is carried out for the new service.

•
Emerging technology and system changes are
considered when performing risk assessment
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
• Cyient has a risk identification process which
considers changes to the regulatory, economic,
and physical environment in which the entity
operates.

No exceptions noted
Inspection:
Inspected a select sample of process wise risk
assessment
reports,
Information
Security
Operational Risk Management Procedure and
determined that the defined control is in place.

MONITORING ACTIVITIES
CC 4.1 The entity selects, develops, and performs ongoing and/or separate evaluations to ascertain whether the components of internal control are present and
functioning.

43
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• The internal audit function conducts process
wise reviews on a periodic basis and findings
are remediated on a timely basis.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Inspection:
No exceptions noted
•
•
Internal audit team is staffed with competent
professionals with technical expertise and
relevant certifications.

Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
Internal audit reports for a select sample of
projects
Corrective action taken on Internal audit
findings
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
•
•
•
The internal audit function conducts process
wise reviews on a periodical basis.
Results and recommendations for improvement
are reported to management.
Internal audit team is staffed with competent
professionals with technical expertise and
relevant certifications.

CC 4.2 The entity evaluates and communicates internal control deficiencies in a timely manner to those parties responsible for taking corrective action, including
senior management and the board of directors, as appropriate.
•
•
The internal audit function conducts process
wise reviews on a periodic basis. Results and
recommendations for improvement are
reported to management via security council
meetings.

Inquiry:
No exceptions noted
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
•
The internal audit function conducts process
wise reviews on a periodic basis. Results and
recommendations for improvement are
reported to management.

•
All internal audit issues are tracked until closure
to ensure that these are closed.

All internal audit issues are tracked until closure
to ensure that these are closed.

44
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
Internal audit reports for a select sample of
projects along with corrective action plan on the
findings
Select sample of Security Council meeting
minutes
CONTROL ACTIVITIES
CC 5.1 The entity selects and develops control activities that contribute to the mitigation of risks to the achievement of objectives to acceptable levels.
•
•
•
Compliance team sensitizes security best
practices to all employees through emails
The internal audit function conducts process
wise reviews on a periodic basis. Results and
recommendations for improvement are
reported to management. Audit has a rotation
plan so that all areas are covered.

Inquiry:
No exceptions noted
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
•
Compliance team sensitizes security best
practices to all employees through emails
•
The internal audit function conducts process
wise reviews on a periodic basis. Results and
recommendations for improvement are
reported to management. Audit has a rotation
plan so that all areas are covered.

•
Segregation of duties is in place for critical
functions and departments as documented in
the organization chart
Segregation of duties is in place for critical
functions and departments
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
45
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
•
•
Test Result
Select sample of emails sensitizing employees
about phishing, work from home best practices,
cyber security awareness and privacy best
practices.
Internal audit reports for a select sample of
projects along with corrective action plan on the
findings
Master Organization chart of Cyient
CC 5.2 The entity also selects and develops general control activities over technology to support the achievement of objectives.
•
During the risk assessment and management
process, Compliance along with Project
personnel identify changes to business
objectives, commitments and requirements,
internal operations, and external factors that
threaten the achievement of business objectives
and update the potential threats to system
objectives.

•
Compliance team evaluates the effectiveness of
Risk Mitigation strategies during the meetings
and recommends changes based on its
evaluation.

•
Risk Assessment is reviewed and approved by
respective department head
Inspection:
•
Inspected a select sample of risk management
plan conducted process wise and determined
that during the risk assessment and
management process, Compliance along with
Project personnel identify changes to business
objectives, commitments and requirements,
internal operations, and external factors that
threaten the achievement of business objectives
and update the potential threats to system
objectives.

•
Inspected the version history of the risk
management plan and determined that it is
reviewed and approved by the department
head.

No exceptions noted
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
•
Compliance team evaluates the effectiveness of
Risk Mitigation strategies during the meetings
and recommends changes based on its
evaluation.

46
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Risk Assessment is reviewed and approved by
respective department head
CC 5.3 The entity deploys control activities through policies that establish what is expected and in procedures that put policies into action.
Inquiry:
•
All policies are updated/reviewed at least every
year to ensure that these are current and in line
with the current business.

•
The compliance department assesses adequacy
and relevance of policy and procedures.

Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
•
•
All policies are reviewed at least every year to
ensure that these are current and in line with
the current business.
The compliance department assesses adequacy
and relevance of policy and procedures.

Exception noted
In some instances, MKPSG could not verify if the
policy documents were periodically reviewed in the
absence of relevant information in the policy
document version history.

Inspection:
Inspected the version history of the policy
documentation and determined that annual review
process is in place.
LOGICAL AND PHYSICAL ACCESS CONTROLS
CC 6.1 The entity implements logical access security software, infrastructure, and architectures over protected information assets to protect them from security
events to meet the entity’s objectives.
•
Company has a documented procedure for
logical access controls
•
Access is granted on least privileges basis by
default and any additional access needs to be
approved
•
Company has established hardening standards,
production
infrastructure
that
include
requirements for implementation of security
groups, access control, configuration settings,
and standardized policies.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that:
• Company has documented procedure for logical
access controls
•
Access is granted on least privileges basis by
default and any additional access needs to be
approved
•
Company has established hardening standards
for infrastructure that include requirements for
implementation of security groups, access
No exceptions noted
47
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• Network diagrams are documented covering
Cyient infrastructure
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
•
Network diagrams are documented covering
Cyient infrastructure
•
Infrastructure components and software are
configured to use the Windows security using
group policies & Active Directory.

•
Remote working is enabled via VPN and Akamai
cloud
•
Infrastructure components and software are
configured to use the Windows security using
group policies & Active Directory.
Password policy and complexity requirements
are enabled in the Active Directory. Minimum
length, password history, password age, account
lockout attempts and duration are set,
control,
configuration
standardized policies.

settings,
Test Result
and
•
Remote working is enabled via VPN
•
•
The IT department maintains an up-to-date
listing of all software.

The IT department maintains an up-to-date
listing of all software.

•
All Assets are assigned owners who are
responsible for evaluating access based on job
roles. The owners define access rights when
assets are acquired or changed.

All Assets are assigned owners who are
responsible for evaluating access based on job
roles. The owners define access rights when
assets are acquired or changed.

•
Privileged access to sensitive resources is
restricted to defined user roles and access to
these roles must be approved by Management.

•
All confidential data is classified as per the data
classification policy as part of Cyient
Information Security Manual
•
•
Privileged access to sensitive resources is
restricted to defined user roles and access to
these roles must be approved by Management.
Privileged access is authorised by COO and
reviewed by IT on a periodic basis.

•
All confidential data is classified as per the data
classification policy
•
All information assets are identified in an asset
inventory.

Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
•
Access Control Policy and Procedure, Cyient
Information Security Manual
Patch Management group policy, vendor
document on firewall security guidelines
Network diagram of Cyient Head office and
Manikonda Data Center
48
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
•
Test Result
Password policy configuration in the Active
Directory
IT asset inventory
Observation:
• Observed the Global protect VPN configuration
and noted that secure remote access channel is
configured.
•
Observed the Active directory groups and noted
that Administrator groups with privileged
access are defined and monitored
CC 6.2 Prior to issuing system credentials and granting system access, the entity registers and authorizes new internal and external users whose access is
administered by the entity. For those users whose access is administered by the entity, user system credentials are removed when user access is no longer
authorized.
No exceptions noted
• On the day of joining, HR triggers an email from Inspection:
Workday application which sends a mail to Inspected the following documents and determined
global helpdesk providing the details of the new that the defined controls are in place:
joiners. The helpdesk then provides necessary
• Helpdesk tickets raised by internal departments
access as per request.
pertaining to access creation for new joiners.
• Helpdesk tickets pertaining to access revocation
• Employee user accounts are removed from
for a select sample of exited employees from the
various applications and network systems as of
active directory.
the last date of employment based on access
• Select sample of emails informing clients to
revocation request sent by the concerned
grant access for new joiners.
department to the global helpdesk team.
• Select sample of emails informing clients to
revoke access when employees leave the
• Client is informed about the new joiners to the
organization.
team by the respective managers for granting
necessary access
Inquiry:
Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that:
• On the day of joining, HR triggers an email from
Workday application which sends a mail to
49
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• Access on client systems is removed by sending
an email to the client manager informing them
about the exiting employee.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
global helpdesk providing the details of the new
joiners. The helpdesk then provides necessary
access as per request.
•
Employee user accounts are removed from
various applications and network systems as of
the last date of employment based on access
revocation request sent by the concerned
department to the global helpdesk team.

•
Access on client systems is requested/removed
by sending an email to the client manager
informing them about the changes to the team.

CC 6.3 The entity authorizes, modifies, or removes access to data, software, functions, and other protected information assets based on roles, responsibilities, or
the system design and changes, giving consideration to the concepts of least privilege and segregation of duties, to meet the entity’s objectives.
•
•
A role based security process is setup in Active
directory with groups and roles based on job
requirements.

Observation:
•
Observed the assignment of groups in the Active
Directory and noted that role-based security
process is setup in Active directory with groups
and roles based on job requirements.

•
Observed the AD manager tool used for access
creation, revocation and management of
permissions and noted that a centralized
process is in place.

Centralized AD manager tool is used for
management of access permissions.

No exceptions noted
CC 6.4 The entity restricts physical access to facilities and protected information assets (for example, data center facilities, back-up media storage, and other
sensitive locations) to authorized personnel to meet the entity’s objectives.
•
Physical access to office premises is monitored
through CCTV installed at key points within the
premises.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the Manager- Facilities & Admin and
ascertained that:
No exceptions noted
50
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• There is a security desk at the office entry
manned by a security guard
•
Visitor register is maintained to log entry and
exit details.

•
Visitor badges are for identification purposes
only and do not permit access to the facility.

•
All visitors must be escorted by a Company
employee when visiting office facilities.

•
ID cards that include an employee picture must
be worn at all times when accessing or leaving
the facility.

•
Physical access is setup by the Admin Dept for
new joiners after all HR formalities are
completed. ID cards by default does not have
access to any of the sensitive areas.

•
Physical access to sensitive areas / server rooms
is granted only to privileged users by helpdesk
Team.

•
•
•
A periodic review of physical access logs is
carried out by the Admin team.
Upon the last day of employment, HR Team
sends exit email requesting for deactivation of
physical access for terminated employees.
Physical access is deactivated by the Admin
Team.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
•
Access cards are issued to new employees
based on an access card requisition initiated
by the Human Resource (HR) group.
Observation:
Observed during the virtual tour of the facility and
noted that:
• Physical access to office premises is monitored
through CCTV installed at key points within the
premises.
•
There is a security desk at the office entry
manned by a security guard
•
Visitor register is maintained to log entry and
exit details.

•
Visitor badges are for identification purposes
only and do not permit access to the facility.

•
All visitors are escorted by a Company employee
when visiting office facilities.

•
ID cards that include an employee picture is
worn at all times when accessing or leaving the
facility.

•
Physical access is setup by the Admin Dept
through a tool for new joiners after all HR
formalities are completed. ID cards by default
does not have access to any of the sensitive
areas.

•
Physical access to sensitive areas / server rooms
is granted only to privileged users / IT Team.
Access to such restricted zone is given against
written request by the Managers.

•
Employees are required to return their ID cards
on the last day, and all ID badges are disabled.

Employees are required to return their ID cards
on the last day, and all ID badges are disabled.

51
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• The sharing of access badges and tailgating are
prohibited by policy.
•
Access to server rooms are restricted and log of
visitors is maintained
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Access to server rooms are restricted and log of
visitors is maintained.

Inspection:
• Inspected the badge access deactivation for a
select sample of exited employees from the pro
watch portal and determined that badge access
revocation process is in place.
• Inspected the physical access log review emails
for a select sample of months and determined
that access validation process is in place.
• Inspected the Physical Security and Access
control policy and determined that sharing of
access badges and tailgating are prohibited by
policy.
• Inspected the server room access logs and
determined that visitor log is maintained and
monitored.

CC 6.5 The entity discontinues logical and physical protections over physical assets only after the ability to read or recover data and software from those assets
has been diminished and is no longer required to meet the entity’s objectives.
No exceptions noted
• Media Handling Policy is implemented for Inquiry:
procedures relating to disposal of information Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
assets / equipment.
• Media Handling Policy is implemented for
procedures relating to disposal of information
assets / equipment.
Inspection:
Inspected the the Cyient Information Security
Manual and determined that procedures are defined
and documented.

52
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Organization
CC 6.6 The entity implements logical access security measures to protect against threats from sources outside its system boundaries.
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
External points of connectivity at office network
are protected by firewall.

•
The
firewall
provides
unified
threat
management (UTM) services such as intrusion
protection, web filtering and inbound and out
bound traffic filtering.

•
Incoming connections are accepted from only
whitelisted IPs in the firewall.

•
Company has implemented content filtering
system through firewall that blocks access to
certain sites such as personal emails, storage
etc.

•
Access to modify firewall rules is restricted by
management
•
Rules are configured to restrict inbound and
outbound traffic and implicit deny is configured
•
Logical access to Company systems is restricted
through active directory based domain policies.

•
•
Administrative access to the firewall is only
enabled through secure connections like
https/SSH.

Company has implemented content filtering
system through firewall that blocks access to
certain sites such as personal emails, storage
etc.

•
•
Logs of firewall device are forwarded to SIEM
for monitoring suspicious events.

Access to modify firewall rules is restricted by
management.

•
Observed the administrators accessing the
company systems using domain credentials and
noted that access is controlled only through
official IDs.

•
Observed the management interface settings in
the firewall and noted that only secure
connections like https/SSH are enabled.

•
No exceptions noted
Cyient Network diagram for Head office and
Manikonda Data center
Observation:
Logged into the Palo Alto firewall and noted the
following configurations:
• The
firewall
provides
unified
threat
management (UTM) services such as intrusion
protection, web filtering and inbound and out
bound traffic filtering.

53
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Observed the log configuration in the firewall
and noted that forwarding of logs to SIEM is
enabled.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that:
• External points of connectivity at office network
are protected by firewall.
•
Logical access to Company systems is restricted
through active directory based domain policies.

CC 6.7 The entity restricts the transmission, movement, and removal of information to authorized internal and external users and processes, and protects it
during transmission, movement, or removal to meet the entity’s objectives.
•
Entity policies prohibit the transmission of
sensitive information over the Internet or other
public communications paths unless it is
encrypted.

•
VPN connection to the corporate network is
encrypted. Also multifactor authentication is
enabled while logging into the VPN.

•
Use of removable media is prohibited by policy
except when authorized by management
•
Deep discovery email inspector is used for
quarantining and restricting ransomware,
phishing, and other suspicious emails.

•
Policies are configured in the email gateway for
quarantining
emails
matching
criteria
Inquiry:
Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that:
• Entity policies prohibit the transmission of
sensitive information over the Internet or other
public communications paths unless it is
encrypted.
• VPN connections to both the corporate and
cloud networks are encrypted.
• Users access Client system only after logging
into company network followed by connecting
into client network using encrypted channels
such as VPN.
• Use of removable media is prohibited by policy
except when authorized by management
No exceptions noted
Inspection:
• Inspected the Cyient Information Security
Manual and determined that entity policies
prohibit the transmission of sensitive
information over the Internet or other public
communications paths unless it is encrypted.
54
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
pertaining to anti-spam, malware protection,
content filters and phishing protection.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Inspected the Global protect VPN configuration,
encryption settings, multifactor authentication
settings and determined that secure remote
connectivity is in place for employees.

Observation:
• Observed the removable media restriction
configuration in Anti virus and noted that
prohibition is enforced.
•
Observed the dashboard of the deep discovery
email inspector, quarantine information and
noted that suspicious emails are filtered as per
advanced threat indicators.

•
Observed the policy configuration in the email
gateway and noted that policies pertaining to
anti-spam, malware protection, content filters
and phishing protection are in place.

CC 6.8 The entity implements controls to prevent or detect and act upon the introduction of unauthorized or malicious software to meet the entity’s objectives.
•
Antivirus software is installed on workstations,
laptops, and servers. Periodic scans are
configured and scheduled to take place.

•
Signature files are updated daily. Antivirus
console provides compliance reports about nonupdated machines.

•
•
Use of removable media is prohibited by policy
except when authorized by management
Deep discovery email inspector is used for
quarantining and restricting ransomware,
phishing, and other suspicious emails.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that:
• Antivirus software is installed on workstations,
laptops, and servers. Periodic scans are
configured and scheduled to take place.
•
No exceptions noted
Signature files are updated daily. Antivirus
console provides compliance reports about nonupdated machines.

Observation:
• Logged into the Mcafee ePolicy Orchestrator
Anti-virus console version 5.9.1 with the help of
the administrator and noted that periodic scans
55
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
•
Policies are configured in the email gateway for
quarantining
emails
matching
criteria
pertaining to anti-spam, malware protection,
content filters and phishing protection.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
are configured. Also noted that periodic updates
are be auto installed in the server and connected
systems receive updates on a regular basis.
•
Observed the Cyient USB block rule in Mcafee
DLP policy settings and noted that use of
removeable media is prohibited.

•
Observed the dashboard of the deep discovery
email inspector, quarantine information and
noted that suspicious emails are filtered as per
advanced threat indicators.

•
Observed the policy configuration in the email
gateway and noted that policies pertaining to
anti-spam, malware protection, content filters
and phishing protection are in place.

SYSTEM OPERATIONS
CC 7.1 To meet its objectives, the entity uses detection and monitoring procedures to identify (1) changes to configurations that result in the introduction of new
vulnerabilities, and (2) susceptibilities to newly discovered vulnerabilities.
No Exception noted.
• Management has defined configuration Inquiry:
Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that:
standards and hardening standards.
• Management has defined configuration
standards and hardening standards.
• Cyient utilizes a third party service provider for
managed Security Operations Center (SOC) and
threat monitoring
• Cyient utilizes a third-party service provider for
managed Security Operations Center and threat
monitoring
• Periodic
Vulnerability
assessments
are
performed by competent Cyient internal staff
project wise. Vulnerability assessments are • Vulnerability Assessments are performed on a
done by the internal cyber security team on
periodic basis
regular intervals.
Inspection:
56
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• Centralized patch management of Servers and
systems is in place as per Cyient patch
management policy.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
•
Patch Management policy as configured in the
group policy
Alert monitoring dashboard from SOC providerTCL, incident tickets raised and closure
Select sample of monthly patch update emails
circulated internally and corresponding change
tickets for initiating the patch updates
Inspected the Internal Vulnerability assessment
report performed using Nessus tool for the project
in scope and determined that no high/critical
findings were reported.
CC 7.2 The entity monitors system components and the operation of those components for anomalies that are indicative of malicious acts, natural disasters, and
errors affecting the entity’s ability to meet its objectives; anomalies are analyzed to determine whether they represent security events.
No exceptions noted
• Cyient utilizes a third party service provider for Inquiry:
managed Security Operations Center (SOC) and Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that the
defined controls are in place:
threat monitoring
•
Vulnerability monitoring scans are performed
on a periodic basis. Management takes
appropriate action based on the results of the
scans.

•
Cyient utilizes a third party service provider for
managed Security Operations Center (SOC) and
threat monitoring
•
Vulnerability monitoring scans are performed
on a periodic basis. Management takes
appropriate action based on the results of the
scans.

Inspection:
Inspected the alert monitoring dashboard from SOC
provider-TCL, incident tickets raised and resolved
57
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
and determined that event logs from systems and
servers are monitored.
Inspected the Internal Vulnerability assessment
report performed using Nessus tool for the project
in scope and determined that no high/critical
findings were reported.
CC 7.3 The entity evaluates security events to determine whether they could or have resulted in a failure of the entity to meet its objectives (security incidents)
and, if so, takes actions to prevent or address such failures.
No exceptions noted
• An incident management process is defined and Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
documented for evaluating reported events.
Quality and ascertained that:
• Incidents are reported to the Global Helpdesk • An incident management process is defined and
documented for evaluating reported events.
team (GHD) and resolved
•
Reported incidents are logged as tickets and
include the following details:
o
o
o
o
Severity, date and Time of incident
Details
Status
Root Cause
•
Incidents are reported to the Global Helpdesk
team (GHD) and resolved
•
Reported incidents are logged as tickets and
include the following details:
o
o
o
o
Severity, date and Time of incident
Details
Status
Root Cause (High severity incidents
only)
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
Incident Management Procedure
58
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Select sample of incident tickets from GHD
helpdesk along with resolution details
CC 7.4 The entity responds to identified security incidents by executing a defined incident response program to understand, contain, remediate, and communicate
security incidents, as appropriate.
No exceptions noted
• All security incidents are reviewed and Inquiry:
monitored by the Security Council Meetings.
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Corrective and preventive actions are
Quality and ascertained that the below defined
completed for incidents.
controls are in place:
• All incidents are evaluated, and necessary action • All security incidents are reviewed and
monitored by the Security Council Meetings.
taken to close the threat / vulnerability.
Corrective and preventive actions are
• Protocols for communicating security incidents
completed for incidents.
and actions taken to affected parties are
developed and implemented to meet the entity's • All incidents are evaluated, and necessary action
taken to close the threat / vulnerability.
objectives.
•
Reported incidents are logged as tickets and
include the following details:
o
o
o
o
Severity, date and Time of incident
Details
Status
Root Cause (High severity incidents
only)
•
Protocols for communicating security incidents
and actions taken to affected parties are
developed and implemented to meet the entity's
objectives.

•
Reported incidents are logged as tickets and
include the following details:
o Severity, date and Time of incident
o Details
o Status
o Root Cause (High severity incidents
only)
o Lessons
learnt,
Impact
and
Improvement opportunities
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
59
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
•
•
Test Result
Select sample of incident tickets from GHD
helpdesk along with resolution details and
corrective action taken
Incident Management Procedure
Security council meeting minutes analyzing the
incident types
CC 7.5 The entity identifies, develops, and implements activities to recover from identified security incidents.
•
All incidents are evaluated and necessary action
taken to close the threat / vulnerability
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
Root cause analysis is performed for major
incidents.

•
•
Lessons learnt are analyzed, and the incident
response plan and recovery procedures are
improved.

•
•
No exceptions noted
Select sample of incident tickets from GHD
helpdesk along with resolution details and
corrective action taken
Incident Management Procedure
Security council meeting minutes analyzing the
incident types
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that the below defined
controls are in place:
• All incidents are evaluated and necessary action
taken to close the threat / vulnerability
•
Root cause analysis is performed for major
incidents.

•
Lessons learnt are analyzed, and the incident
response plan and recovery procedures are
improved.

CHANGE MANAGEMENT
60
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Organization
CC 8.1 The entity authorizes, designs, develops or acquires, configures, documents, tests, approves, and implements changes to infrastructure, data, software, and
procedures to meet its objectives.
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
• Entity has defined its change management and
approval processes in its IT Change
Management policy and procedure.

•
Entity has defined its change management and
approval processes in its IT Change
Management policy and procedure.

•
All change requests are submitted with
implementation and rollback plans.

•
All change requests are logged and change
request ticket created.

•
All change requests are submitted with
implementation and rollback plans.

•
Major changes are tracked separately as major
infra changes and approved by CAB.

•
All change requests are logged and change
request ticket created.

•
Minor change requests are logged in Service
Now and approved by the appropriate authority
•
Minor change requests are logged in Service
Now and approved by the appropriate authority
•
For high severity incidents, change requests are
created.

•
For high severity incidents, change requests are
created.

•
A process exists to manage emergency changes.
Emergency changes, due to their urgent nature,
may be performed without prior review.

•
A process exists to manage emergency changes.
Emergency changes, due to their urgent nature,
may be performed without prior review.

No exceptions noted
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
IT Change Management policy and procedure
Select sample of change tickets from Service
now with implementation and roll back plan
details
61
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Select sample of Emergency change requests
and related approvals
RISK MITIGATION
CC 9.1 The entity identifies, selects, and develops risk mitigation activities for risks arising from potential business disruptions.
•
A Policy on Business Continuity and Disaster
Recovery planning is defined and documented.
It includes mitigation activities like planning,
communication and recovery efforts, alternate
location of work.

•
Business continuity and disaster recovery plans
are tested annually.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
• A Policy on Business Continuity and Disaster
Recovery planning is defined and documented.
It includes mitigation activities like planning,
communication and recovery efforts, alternate
location of work.

No exceptions noted
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
IT Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
Plan
• ISP failover, firewall failover mockdrill reports
for Manikonda data center
• Firedrill reports pertaining to Madhapur and
Manikonda locations
CC 9.2 The entity assesses and manages risks associated with vendors and business partners.
•
New Third Party Service Providers are selected
based on a Vendor Selection Process. Security
risk assessment is a key part of the vendor
selection process.

•
Company obtains and reviews compliance
reports and certificates such as ISO 27001, SOC1
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
• New Third Party Service Providers are selected
based on a Vendor Selection Process. Security
risk assessment is a key part of the vendor
selection process.

No exceptions noted
62
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
or SOC2 for its key vendors. Opinion section and
relevant controls are reviewed for any
exceptions. This is part of vendor monitoring.
•
A formal contract is executed between Company
and third Party Service Providers before the
work is initiated. Agreement includes terms on
confidentiality, responsibilities of both parties.

•
All customer & vendor contracts have terms
related to confidentiality.

•
Vendor agreements, including any security,
availability, and confidentiality commitments,
are reviewed during the procurement process.

•
Agreements are established with third parties or
subcontractors that include clearly defined
terms, conditions, and responsibilities for third
parties and subcontractors.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Company obtains and reviews compliance
reports and certificates such as ISO 27001, SOC1
or SOC2 for its key vendors. Opinion section and
relevant controls are reviewed for any
exceptions. This is part of vendor monitoring.

•
A formal contract is executed between Company
and third Party Service Providers before the
work is initiated. Agreement includes terms on
confidentiality, responsibilities of both parties.

•
All customer & vendor contracts have terms
related to confidentiality.

Test Result
Inspection:
Inspected the following documents and determined
that the defined controls are in place:
•
•
•
Third party service provider security evaluation
process
SOC 2 reports of TCL and Service Now
Select sample of contracts/MSA with third party
service providers
ADDITIONAL CRITERIA- AVAILABILITY
A1.1 The entity maintains, monitors, and evaluates current processing capacity and use of system components (infrastructure, data, and software) to manage
capacity demand and to enable the implementation of additional capacity to help meet its objectives.
No exceptions noted
• The Entity monitors system processing capacity Inquiry:
and usage and takes correction actions to Inquired with the CISO and ascertained that:
address changing requirements
• Processing capacity is monitored on an ongoing
basis using various tools
63
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• Processing capacity is monitored on an ongoing
basis.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Critical infrastructure components have been
reviewed for criticality classification and
assignment of a minimum level of redundancy.

•
•
Future processing demand is forecasted and
compared to scheduled capacity on an ongoing
basis.

Critical infrastructure components have been
reviewed for criticality classification and
assignment of a minimum level of redundancy.

Test Result
Observation:
Observed a select sample of system/host availability
reports and noted that processing capacity is
monitored on an ongoing basis.
Inspection:
Inspected the ISP failover, firewall failover mockdrill reports for the Manikonda data center and
determined that redundancy check is done
periodically.
A 1.2 The entity authorizes, designs, develops or acquires, implements, operates, approves, maintains, and monitors environmental protections, software, data
back-up processes, and recovery infrastructure to meet its objectives.
•
Environmental controls (fire extinguishers, fire
sprinklers and smoke detectors) have been
installed to protect perimeter area. CCTV are
installed at key points for surveillance.

•
Devices are checked on a periodic basis and
checklists are prepared.

•
Fire drill is conducted annually.

Observation:
Observed through a virtual tour of the facilities at
Madhapur and Manikonda and noted that:
• Following environmental protections have been
installed including the following in critical
areas: ·
o Air conditioners
o UPS in the event of power failure
o Redundant exit points
o Smoke detectors
o Fire Extinguishers
o
No exceptions noted
Diesel generators
64
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
• Uninterruptible power supply (UPS) devices
are in place to secure critical IT equipment
against power failures and fluctuations.
•
DG set of sufficient capacity is provided to
provide power during outage.

•
Company has multiple ISPs in place to provide
redundancy in case of link failure
•
IT Engineer monitors the temperature in server
room on a daily basis and take corrective actions
in case of discrepancy
•
Vendor AMC specifications are documented and
followed up for service requirements.

•
Facilities and admin personnel monitor the
status of environmental protections on a regular
basis.

Test Applied by the Service Auditor
•
Test Result
Observed the Server rooms and noted that IT
Engineer monitors the temperature in server
room on a daily basis and take corrective actions
in case of discrepancy
Inspection:
• Inspected the Network diagram of Cyient
Madhapur and Manikonda DC and determined
that Company has multiple ISPs in place to
provide redundancy in case of link failure.
•
Inspected the preventive maintenance reports
for Air conditioners, Diesel Generators, UPS, fire
alarms and determined that environmental
protections receive maintenance on at least an
annual basis.

•
Inspected the fire drill reports conducted in
Madhapur, Manikonda locations, ISP failover,
firewall failover mock-drill reports for the
Manikonda data center and determined that the
Business continuity and disaster recovery plans,
are tested periodically. Also testing results and
change recommendations are reported to the
concerned teams.

•
Inspected the vendor AMC details maintained
for Madhapur and Manikonda facilities and
determined that vendor AMC specifications are
documented and followed up for service
requirements.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the Manager- Facilities and
ascertained that Operations personnel monitor the
65
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
status of environmental protections during each
shift.
A 1.3 The entity tests recovery plan procedures supporting system recovery to meet its objectives. The entity tests recovery plan procedures supporting system
recovery to meet its objectives.
•
Business continuity and disaster recovery plans,
are tested annually.

•
Disaster recovery and Business Continuity plans
and procedures for various disruption scenarios
are documented.

Inspection:
Inspected the fire drill reports conducted in
Madhapur, Manikonda locations, ISP failover,
firewall failover mock-drill reports for the
Manikonda data center and determined that the
Business continuity and disaster recovery plans, are
tested periodically. Also testing results and change
recommendations are reported to the concerned
teams.
•
No exceptions noted
IT Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
Plan
Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that Business continuity
plan testing is performed on a periodic basis.
ADDITIONAL CRITERIA- CONFIDENTIALITY
C 1.1 The entity identifies and maintains confidential information to meet the entity’s objectives related to confidentiality.
•
The entity establishes written policies related to
retention periods for the confidential
information it maintains. The entity securely
destroys or deletes all data as soon as it is no
longer needed.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that the entity establishes
written policies related to retention periods for the
confidential information it maintains. The entity
securely destroys or deletes all data as soon as it is
no longer needed.

No exceptions noted
66
Control Activity Specified by the Service
Organization
Test Applied by the Service Auditor
Test Result
Inspection:
Inspected the Cyient Information Security Manual
and determined that the defined control is in place.
C 1.2 The entity disposes of confidential information to meet the entity’s objectives related to confidentiality.
•
The entity establishes written policies related to
retention periods for the confidential
information it maintains. The entity securely
destroys or deletes all data as soon as it is no
longer needed.

Inquiry:
Inquired with the Senior Manager- Corporate
Quality and ascertained that:
The entity establishes written policies related to
retention periods for the confidential information it
maintains. The entity securely destroys or deletes all
data as soon as it is no longer needed.

No exceptions noted
Inspection:
Inspected the Cyient Information Security Manual
and determined that the defined control is in place.

67
Section V – Other Information Provided by the Management
of Cyient
68
The information included in Section V of this report is presented by Cyient to provide additional
information to user entities and is not part of Cyient’s description of the system. The information included
here in Section V has not been subjected to the procedures applied in the examination of the description of
the system related to description of the system, and, accordingly, M Kuppuswamy PSG & Co LLP expresses
no opinion on it.

Management’s responses to exceptions noted:
The table below contains Management’s response to the exceptions noted in Section IV - Information
Provided by Independent Service Auditor.

Item
CC 5.3
Control Activity
Exception noted
All
policies
are
updated/reviewed at least
every year to ensure that
these are current and in line
with the current business.

In some instances, MKPSG
could not verify if the policy
documents
were
periodically reviewed in
the absence of relevant
information in the policy
document version history.

Management Response
Cyient has reviewed policy
documentation and will take
steps to document the same.

***End of the Report***
69
